README.md, before:

# Platform Engineer Test - Starter Project

## Prerequisites

### Python 3.6 to 3.9

See [installation instructions](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

Check you have python3 installed. **Make sure your python version is between 3.6 and 3.9. This is required for compatibility with the Snowflake Python Connector**:

```bash
python3 --version
```

### IDE

Preferably an IDE such as [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) or [Pycharm Community Edition](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/download/)

## Dependencies and data

### Creating a virtual environment

Ensure your pip (package manager) is up to date:

```bash
pip3 install --upgrade pip
```

To check your pip version run:

```bash
pip3 --version
```

Create the virtual environment in the root of the cloned project:

```bash
python3 -m venv .venv
```

### Activating the newly created virtual environment

You always want your virtual environment to be active when working on this project.

```bash
source ./.venv/bin/activate
```

### Installing Python requirements

This will install some of the packages you might find useful:

```bash
pip3 install -r ./requirements.txt
```

### Environment Variables

Create a placeholder file: `.env` in the top-level of the repository, alongside the `README.md`, `requirements.txt` etc... files. We are going to be storing your login credentials in this file, so make sure you edit the permissions on this file to secure it.

```bash
touch .env
chmod 600 .env
```

Populate this file with the values that you have been provided:

```bash
SNOWFLAKE_USER=YOUR_PROVIDED_USER_NAME
SNOWFLAKE_PASSWORD=my_dummy_not_secure_password
SNOWFLAKE_ACCOUNT=the_account_name
```

### Running tests to ensure everything is working correctly

```bash
pytest ./tests -v 
```

### Getting started

The skeleton of a possible solution is provided in `./solution/solution_start.py`
You do not have to use this code if you want to approach the problem in a different way.

Commit message:

Add Snowflake version test instructions Update snowflake version

README.md, after:

# Platform Engineer Test - Starter Project

## Prerequisites

### Python 3.6 to 3.9

See [installation instructions](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

Check you have python3 installed. **Make sure your python version is between 3.6 and 3.9. This is required for compatibility with the Snowflake Python Connector**:

```bash
python3 --version
```

### IDE

Preferably an IDE such as [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) or [Pycharm Community Edition](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/download/)

## Dependencies and data

### Creating a virtual environment

Ensure your pip (package manager) is up to date:

```bash
pip3 install --upgrade pip
```

To check your pip version run:

```bash
pip3 --version
```

Create the virtual environment in the root of the cloned project:

```bash
python3 -m venv .venv
```

### Activating the newly created virtual environment

You always want your virtual environment to be active when working on this project.

```bash
source ./.venv/bin/activate
```

### Installing Python requirements

This will install some of the packages you might find useful:

```bash
pip3 install -r ./requirements.txt
```

### Environment Variables

Create a placeholder file: `.env` in the top-level of the repository, alongside the `README.md`, `requirements.txt` etc... files. We are going to be storing your login credentials in this file, so make sure you edit the permissions on this file to secure it.

```bash
touch .env
chmod 600 .env
```

Populate this file with the values that you have been provided:

```bash
SNOWFLAKE_USER=YOUR_PROVIDED_USER_NAME
SNOWFLAKE_PASSWORD=my_dummy_not_secure_password
SNOWFLAKE_ACCOUNT=the_account_name
```

### Running tests to ensure everything is working correctly

```bash
pytest ./tests -v 
```

**NOTE:** You may find that the first test "Snowflake Version" may fail. This is likely to be because Snowflake have updated their client version since this repository was last updated. In this case, please:

- Login to the Snowflake web GUI and run `select current_version();`
- Replace the value in the [test_start.py](./tests/test_start.py) file with the result from the Snowflake GUI

### Getting started

The skeleton of a possible solution is provided in `./solution/solution_start.py`
You do not have to use this code if you want to approach the problem in a different way.
